Dear Nova System user,
this is a service update recommended for all users of Nova System.
Version 1.2 contains several bug fixes and improvements as listed below.
List of changes (from version 1.13)
bugfixes:
‐TT604 Midi tempo sync of delaytimes and Mod speeds didn’t work correctly ‐ fixed
‐TT715 to exit Tuner mode two pushes of a switch were needed ‐ fixed
‐TT471 saved system and user bank dumps couldn’t be restored ‐ fixed
‐TT855 changing scale of the intelligent pitch shifter had no immedate effect ‐ fixed
‐TT845 factory default feature didn’t work correctly for some subtypes ‐ fixed
‐TT484 output level difference between L + R channel of dynamic delay ‐ fixed
‐TT465 pedal position wasn’t read out at preset change in "master :pedal" mode – fixed
‐TT608 Typo in the midi dump received test ‐ fixed
changes:
‐added Midi sysEX documentation
‐added confirmation message when midi dumps are received
‐VeriSign applied to the MS Windows updater
‐optimised Midi receive buffer
‐SysEx ID is ignored when receiving a System Dumps
‐optimised flash usage
‐ display of tempo dependent parameters is updated if the tempo is changed via MIDI
‐tap tempo feature is disable when unit is synced to Midi clock (info text for user)
Installation Guide:
1. Download the latest Nova System 1.2 software installer from the Nova System product page
2. Connect the Nova System MIDI Input to the Midi output of your MIDI device.
3. Double click the installer software; choose your MIDI device in the drop down menu.
4. Click the “Update” button.
Important
•Nova System will not reboot automatically. Power off Nova System once the installation progress bar reads 100%.

Reconnect Nova System and wait until Nova System is fully up and running again. (You can check the version number
after rebooting by pressing and holding the “levels” button) ‐ > it should display “Nova System v. 1.2 SVN rev. 675”
DO NOT disconnect Nova System before the installation progress bar reads "100%".
• Your existing user presets shouldn’t be affected in any way, however we suggest that you make a safety backup of
your user presets prior to updating your unit as described in the manual.
For backing up your user bank presets and system settings you can use the freely available Midi OX (on PC) or SysEX
Librarian (on Mac). Other than this you can also record your Nova system Midi dumps in your Sequencer/DAW.
To restore a saved user bank dump, just playback the recorded Midi file while Nova system’s Midi in is connected to
Midi out of your computer’s Midi interface. The display of the Nova system will now indicate that your units receives
Midi sysEX data.
Midi Ox: http://www.midiox.com/
SysExLibrarian: http://www.snoize.com/SysExLibrarian/
List of tested applications for recording Nova system Midi dumps:
‐Cubase (PC)
‐Pro Tools (PC)
‐Logic (Mac)
‐Midi OX ( PC)
‐SysExLibrarian (Mac)
‐Midi Memo (Line6) in combination with Midi Mobilizer Interface (iPhone/iPad + iPod touch)
With best regards,
Mike Nickel
SQA Guitar BA
TC Electronic A/S
Sindalsvej 34
DK-8240 Risskov
Denmark